README.md: update linting part (#35)
mundialis/github-workflows: README.md

```

Examples how `flake8`, `pylint`, `markdownlint`, `shellcheck` and `ruff` can be configured are in the
[linting-config-examples](linting-config-examples)
folder. The `pylint` and `ruff` configuration files do not need to be created if they
are not to be customized, scince they will be copied by the workflow if they
do not exists. See [linting-config-examples](linting-config-examples/README.md) for more
details on how to configure the individual linters.

If one of the versions is set to an empty string the code quality check will be
skipped.

> For the `ruff` linting also another job can also propose suggestions to a
> pull request. For this the additional job `post-pr-reviews` has to be added to the linting workflow e.g. like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `ruff` and `black` linting, another job can propose suggestions to a pull request.
For this the additional job `post-pr-reviews` has to be added to the linting workflow e.g. like this:
```

```
...

  post-pr-reviews:
    needs: lint
    if: ${{ needs.lint.result == 'failure' }}

>     uses: mundialis/github-workflows/.github/workflows/post-pr-reviews.yml@add_post_pr_reviews

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    uses: mundialis/github-workflows/.github/workflows/post-pr-reviews.yml@main
```
